Title: [Bloc] 998
Author: Wahnsin#0115, Discord ID 680841231890120750
Creation Date: January 31, 2020
Revision: N/A
Revision Date: N/A
Note: Edit and Repload of Document by RemotelyHuman#6646, Discord ID 672941826784624655
[------------------------------------------------]


The bell rang, a crude and rustic alarm but it got the job done. The tiny decrepit room Quartermaster 988 called home crept with a slow crawling mold and pale nine-legged bugs. It greeted him every day when he woke, and every night when he returned - the stench of mildew and the buzz of old incandescent bulbs. 

Patchy black slacks, worn down to the last layers of fiber,  a musty yellowed business shirt and a black formal noose around his neck all hid beneath his dull gray overcoat. All this tied together his ageing and worn out frame, a spotty gray-brown goatee emerging around his constant frown. 

"Bloc to prosper." he said tiredly to himself in the mirror as he straightened his tie. Maybe there was a time when he meant it, or maybe he just never thought about it. It wasn't an invocation anymore, it didn't hold any real *meaning*. Deep down he knew what he told his subordinates wasn't true, the Bloc would prosper just fine without them.

The Adult Education Facility of floor 335-C doubled as a cannery for Ration #9 - a bitter dust advertised as "bone marrow nutrient extract" that housed just barely everything a human child needed to have the energy to die. 988 didn't care about the smell anymore, and he certainly didn't have the stomach to care about the sounds, either. Everything melted away into dutiful resolve the moment his heel entered the door. 

The dull concrete walls offered no warmth to the prisoners inside, or even to the workers that managed them. Blood was a standard finish to much of the furnishings within the facility, and you'd be hard pressed to find a corner of the room that hasn't seen its fair share of discarded teeth. Janitors were trained here for a reason, and those that weren't trainable became fuel for their more productive brothers.

Tables and tables lined the walls of a recessed pit on the main factory floor. Blood and flesh littered the floor and the walls in hideous chunks as workers worked numbly around them, creating even more piles of rotting gore. Prisoners were taken from cells in a fluid motion, butchered and machined into powder, then packaged accordingly.

988 sat at a rusty desk on a large loft overlooking "The Pit," his pile of inward papers already stacked and ready. He sifted through the files, analyzing the candidates for re-education and the candidates for "ration service." Each day he decided the fate of hundreds or perhaps thousands. Left pile, right pile, left, right, left, right, left...

His eyes darted from the pages of his box to the crowd of zombified canners and Janitors, barking savagely at anyone not in motion. It became his only escape from the dead, the only thing that took his mind off the endless line of slaughtered men were the living ones. He was responsible for their efficiency. They *will* be efficient, they *must* be efficient.

If they were not efficient, they became fuel for the efficient, it was simple. He stared a Janitor in the eyes from across the floor, having noticed his drop in performance over the weeks. He was old, having done his duty for decades as a Janitor for human remains, his body finally slowing down. 988 glared at the old veteran, screaming in a hoarse and callous tone, "Stop leaning and start **WORKING!**" he barked, already fumbling for the man's file. With one stroke of a pen and an official Maintenance stamp, the old and loyal Janitor was mechanically separated the following day.

The whistle pierced through the air, after fourteen hours the drones began stumbling back to their homes, bodies and minds broken from the day. Quartermaster 988 left among the other "office" men, silently parting ways as they marched across damp and dangerous halls to wet and deadly rooms.

988 opened his door, finding the smell of dank mildew to be even more powerful. There was something bad, something worse to it. It smelled like death in his room. It hung there like a bad dream, prodding at his thoughts as he undressed for bed. He laid down, feeling the legs of god-knows-what crawling up and down his body - ignoring it as usual.

Four hours later, the bell rang the Maintenance Officer to wake. The slacks tore as he put them on this time, opening down his thigh along the seam about three inches. He growled, throwing the rest of his clothes on hastily as he stomped out the door. The halls felt empty and long, every footstep echoing into the darkened corners of the destroyed hallways. Something was watching him, no, *mocking* him. 

He arrived at the Cannery, taking a seat at his desk as he was reprimanded heavily for being sloppy in dress by his supervisor. He was extra angry with his workers that day.

The whistle is an hour away, the workers feel the end coming and the room begins to lighten ever so slightly. 988 begins sifting through his last few papers.

--- ORDER OF RE-APPLICATION ---

JANITOR - 7725QFF
JANITOR - 4692GKH 
QUARTERMASTER - 988

EFFICIENCY REVIEW
---

The Quartermaster checked his files against the query, finding the numbers to be less than satisfactory, without a second thought he placed the paper into the outgoing, stamped and signed.

Before the whistle blew, 988 fulfilled his duty to his fellow citizen by supplying Janitor-6592FBJ with the nutrients he required to operate effectively for 24 hours.

Quartermaster 1074 opened the door to his new dwelling. With his new rank and a bright new future on the horizon, the young Maintenance Officer smiles at the prospect of what is to come. He took a deep breath through his nose, smiling to himself. "Linen."


[------------------------------------------------]
This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/ or send a letter to Creative Commons, PO Box 1866, Mountain View, CA 94042, USA.
